HOW TO on compiling and executing programs on the robot
------------------------------------------------------

1) You need to cross compile programs using a special variant of
the GCC compiler that is named "arm-unknown-linux-gnu-gcc".

--- hello.c

Can be compiled with:

  arm-unknown-linux-gnu-gcc -O2 -Wall -o hello hello.c

You can also have a look at the Makefile.


2) You need to transfer binaries across the serial link to the robot
before you can execute them. We will use the "minicom" program for
managing the serial link.

a) Connect the serial cable between the PC and the robot.
b) Invoke the minicom program in an xterm window. ($minicom <enter>)

Options in minicom are accessed by first pressing ctrl+a and then the
key for the option, we will state this as e.g.'ctrl+a p', meaning first
pressing 'ctrl+a' and after that 'p' (without ctrl).

When robot boots it sets the serial connection with the PC to 9600 baud, 8
databits, no parity, 1 stopbit, no hard- and software flow control. Make
sure that minicom is set to the correct transfer rate.  Changing the
comm parameters in minicom is done by invoking Comm Parameters menu
with 'Ctrl+a p', then you can set the speed to 9600 with pressing 'e'
and <enter>. (Note: with the latest greatest version of minicom 9600
is now C and 115K2 is now e). 

c) Switch the power of the robot on. This will turn on the activity LED and
   cause the robot to boot, generating lots of output in the minicom window.
   [Occasionally, the robot may enter the bootloader mode ("blob>") , in which
   case you must type the command "boot".]
d) login as 'root' (no password)

After log in, it is recommended to switch to a higher speed - 115200 so that
the files are transferred faster and that the software running on robot that
outputs something fast on screen doesn't get choked by the low speed. To do
that:

e) execute 'stty 115200' on robot (type the command in the minicom window)
f) change minicom's speed to 115200 by 'Ctrl+a p i <enter>'


3) Sending files from PC to robot is done by:
1. 'Ctrl+a s'
2. Select zmodem
3. Select the files to transfer (hello) by moving with arrow keys and pressing
   <Space>. Note: Changing to another directory is done by pressing <Space>
   twice on the directory.
4. Press Enter to start transferring.

Sending files from robot to PC is done by:
1. execute 'sz <filename>' on robot
2. minicom should start receiving the file automatically and will place it
in the working directory, or the last directory you have sent files from.


4) To execute your hello binary, simply type "./hello <enter>" at the robot.
