1 The hardware

The necessary data sheets can be found in this directory.

1.1 LART board & robot

More information about LART's hardware can be found on the official website 

	http://www.lartmaker.nl/

Information about the SA-1100 uP GPIOs operation can be found in the
datasheet file Intel_SA1100_uP.pdf, section 9.1. The GPIOs are used to
interface to the sensors. The robot hardware is described in
rbrog02_manual.pdf and the pins and addresses in pins-addr.pdf.

1.2 Sensors

Information about the ultrasound sensors and compass can be found in
the datasheets SRF02.pdf and CMPS03.pdf respectively.


2 The software

The software is in the "user-level-IO" and "kernel-module"
subdirectories. Read the README files in both directories for
information on how to build and execute programs on the robot and on
how to build kernel modules.

The book Linux Device Drivers, Third Edition from O'Reilly
(ldd3_pdf.tar.bz2) contains further information on how to build
loadable kernel modules. See also the code of the book examples
(examples-ldd3.tar.gz).

2.1 GPIO library (user-level-IO)

Since control and reading of data is done through LART
microprocessor's GPIOs, a library of low-level functions for GPIO
control is provided in "user_gpio.h" and "user-gpio.c".  Note that
before working with the GPIO registers, their physical addresses have
to be mapped into a memory addresses (done by the InitGPIO function).

2.2 I2C header file

To be able to talk to the i2c port in /dev/i2c-0, you'll need to include
the provided "i2c-dev.h". The one provided in the kernel sources won't
work, as your program is not part of the Linux kernel.

2.3  I2C addressing

Addresses on the I2C bus are 7 bits wide and always accompanied by a mode
bit that indicates a Read or Write action.

  +-----------+-----+
  |  address  | R/W |
  +-----------+-----+
   7         1   0

By convention most documentation lists device addresses as 8-bit numbers, with
the lower bit cleared, e.g. 0xC0 for the compass. The Linux kernel, however,
expects the true 7-bit address, so one should shift the conventional address to
the right by one bit, i.e. the Linux address for the compass is 0x60.

